Charles Spurgeon:"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.":Joy:false
Charles Spurgeon:"By perseverance the snail reached the ark.":Funny,Perseverance:false
Charles Spurgeon:"Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.":Anxiety,Worry:false
Charles Spurgeon:"The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.":Perseverance,Pump,Affliction:false
Charles Spurgeon:"The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation.":Flesh,Kill:false
Saint Augustine:"You have made us for yourself, O Lord, and our hearts are restless until they rest in you.":Worship,Praise:false
Saint Augustine:"Punishment is justice for the unjust.":Sin:false
Saint Augustine:"Unless you believe, you will not understand.":Faith:false
Saint Augustine:"Patience is the companion of wisdom.":Patience:false
Saint Augustine:"Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe.":Faith,Perseverance:false
Saint Augustine:"What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.":Love,Jesus:false
John Owen:“Set faith at work on Christ for the killing of thy sin. His blood is the great sovereign remedy for sin-sick souls. Live in this, and thou wilt die a conqueror; yea, thou wilt, through the good providence of God, live to see thy lust dead at thy feet.”:Killing Sin:false
John Owen:“There is no way of deliverance from the state and condition of being in the flesh, but by the Spirit of Christ.”:Killing Sin:false
John Owen:“Let not that man think he makes any progress in holiness who walks not over the bellies of his lusts.”:Lust,Killing Sin:false
John Owen:“Do you mortify; do you make it your daily work; be always at it whilst you live; cease not a day from this work; be killing sin or it will be killing you.”:Killing Sin:false
Martin Luther:"To be a Christian without prayer is no more possible than to be alive without breathing.":Life,Prayer:false
Martin Luther:“I have so much to do that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer.”:Life,Prayer:false
Martin Luther:“Faith is a living, daring confidence in God’s grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.”:Faith,Life:false
Martin Luther:“I know not the way God leads me, but well do I know my Guide.”:Faith,Focus,Life:false
Martin Luther:“I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God’s hands, that I still possess.”:Faith:false
Martin Luther:"I am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals. I have within me the great pope, Self.":Killing Sin,Flesh:false
Martin Luther:“Be a sinner and sin strongly, but more strongly have faith and rejoice in Christ.”:Killing Sin,Flesh:false
Martin Luther:“Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.”:Idolatry,Life:false
Martin Luther:“The Bible is alive, it speaks to me; it has feet, it runs after me; it has hands, it lays hold of me.”:Scripture:false
John Piper:"Too many people think they have struggled with temptation when they have prayed for deliverance, and hoped the desire would go away. That is too passive. Yes, God works in us to will and to do his good pleasure! But the effect is that we "work out our salvation with fear and trembling" (Philippians c2 v12-13). Gouging out your eye may be a metaphor, but it means something very violent. The brain is a "muscle" to be flexed for purity, and in the Christian it is supercharged with the Spirit of Christ.":Killing Sin,Sexual Purity:false
Voddie Baucham:"Folks, if we could lose our salvation, we would.":Depravity,Perseverance of the Saints:false
Voddie Baucham:“If we refuse to forgive, we have stepped into dangerous waters. First, refusing to forgive is to put ourselves in the place of God, as though vengeance were our prerogative, not his. Second, unforgiveness says God’s wrath is insufficient. For the unbeliever, we are saying that an eternity in hell is not enough; they need our slap in the face or cold shoulder to “even the scales” of justice. For the believer, we are saying that Christ’s humiliation and death are not enough. In other words, we shake our fists at God and say, “Your standards may have been satisfied, but my standard is higher!” Finally, refusing to forgive is the highest form of arrogance. Here we stand forgiven. And as we bask in the forgiveness of a perfectly holy and righteous God, we turn to our brother and say, “My sins are forgivable, but yours are not.” In other words, we act as though the sins of others are too significant to forgive while simultaneously believing that ours are not significant enough to matter.”:Forgiveness:false
John Calvin:"There is not one blade of grass, there is no color in this world that is not intended to make us rejoice.":Praise:false
John Calvin:"A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.":Speaking Up:false
John Calvin:"Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.":Miscellaneous:false
John Calvin:"Faith is like an empty, open hand stretched out towards God, with nothing to offer and everything to recieve.":Faith:false
John Calvin:"We shall never be clothed with the righteousness of Christ except we first know assuredly that we have no righteousness of our own.":Depravity:false
John Calvin:"Whatever a person may be like, we must still love them because we love God.":Love:false
John Calvin:"Men will never worship God with a sincere heart, or be roused to fear and obey Him with sufficient zeal, until they properly understand how much they are indebted to His mercy.":Depravity:false
John Calvin:"I gave up all for Christ, and what have I found? Everything in Christ.":Self-Denial:false
John Calvin:"The happiness promised us in Christ does not consist in outward advantages-such as leading a joyous and peaceful life, having rich possessions, being safe from all harm, and abounding with delights such as the flesh commonly longs after. No, our happiness belongs to the heavenly life!":Peace,Happiness:false
John Calvin:"The Lord has not redeemed you so you might enjoy pleasures and luxuries or so that you might abandon yourself to ease and indolence, but rather so you should be prepared to endure all sorts of evils.":Self-Denial,Focus:false
John Calvin:"My heart I give you, Lord, eagerly and entirely.":Self-Denial,Focus:false
John Wycliffe:"All Christian life is to be measured by Scripture; by every word thereof.":Scripture:false
John Wycliffe:"The higher the hill, the stronger the wind: so the loftier the life, the stronger the enemy's temptations.":Temptation:false
John Wycliffe:"I believe that in the end the truth will conquer.":Scripture,Truth:false
John Wycliffe:"The gospel alone is sufficient to rule the lives of Christians everywhere - any additional rules made to govern men's conduct added nothing to the perfection already found in the Gospel of Jesus Christ.":Suffiency of Christ:false
John Wycliffe:“Private confession was not ordered by Christ and was not used by the apostles.”:Confession,Community:false
Thomas Watson:"We muct love God more for what He is, than for what He gives.":Who God is,Nature of God,Focus:false
Francis Schaeffer:"If I am not willing to say, “I’m sorry,” when I have wronged somebody else – especially when I have not loved that person – I have not even started to think about the meaning of a Christian oneness that the world can see.":Forgiveness,Love:false
CS Lewis:"No man knows how bad he is till he has tried very hard to be good.":Depravity:false
JC Ryle:"Happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.":Joy,Affliction:false
JC Ryle:"Praying and sinning will never live together in the same heart. Prayer will consume sin, or sin will choke prayer.":Prayer:false
JC Ryle:"Do nothing that you would not like God to see. Say nothing you would not like God to hear. Write nothing you would not like God to read. Go no place where you would not like God to find you. Read no book of which you would not like God to say, "Show it to Me." Never spend your time in such a way that you would not like to have God say, "What are you doing?": Holiness,Self-Denial,DANG:false
JC Ryle:"Hell is truth known too late.":Hell:false
JC Ryle:"There is a common, worldly kind of Christianity in this day, which many have, and think they have enough-a cheap Christianity which offends nobody, and requires no sacrifice-which costs nothing, and is worth nothing.":DANG,Holiness,Keepin It Real:false
JC Ryle:"Be very sure of this,-people never reject the Bible because they cannot understand it. They understand it only too well; they understand that it condemns their own behavior; they understand that it witnesses against their own sins, and summons them to judgment.”:Scripture,Holiness,Keepin It Real:false
JC Ryle:"Fear not because your prayer is stammering, your words feeble, and your language poor. Jesus can understand you.":Prayer,Faith:false
JC Ryle:"A true Christian is one who has not only peace of conscience, but war within. He may be known by his warfare as well as by his peace.":Holiness,Peace:false
JC Ryle:"There are no lessons so useful as those learned in the school of affliction.":Affliction:false
JC Ryle:"Holiness is the habit of being of one mind with God, according as we find His mind described in Scripture. It is the habit of agreeing in God's judgment, hating what He hates, loving what He loves, and measuring everything in this world by the standard of His Word.":Holiness:false
JC Ryle:"I am one of those old-fashioned ministers who believe the whole Bible and everything that it contains.":Scripture:false
JC Ryle:"I entreat my readers, besides the Bible and the Articles, to read history.":Scripture:false
JC Ryle:"Better to confess Christ 1000 times now and be despised by men, than be disowned by Christ before God on the day of Judgment.":Standing Up:false
JC Ryle:"Laughter, ridicule, opposition and persecution are often the only reward which Christ’s followers get from the world.":Persecution:false
JC Ryle:"Next to praying there is nothing so important in practical religion as Bible reading. By reading that book we may learn what to believe, what to be, and what to do; how to live with comfort, and how to die in peace.” Happy is that man who possesses a Bible! Happier still is he who reads it! Happiest of all is he who not only reads it, but obeys it, and makes it the rule of his faith and practice!":Prayer:false
JC Ryle:"Hearken, my believing reader. What is the cause of your weakness? Is it not because the fountain of life is little used? Is it not because you are resting on old experiences, and not daily gathering new manna—daily drawing new strength from Christ?":Keepin It Real,Affliction:false
JC Ryle:"Guard your thoughts, and there will be little fear about your actions.":Thoughts,Killing Sin:false
JC Ryle:"What is the reason that some believers are so much brighter and holier than others? I believe the difference, in nineteen cases out of twenty, arises from different habits about private prayer. I believe that those who are not eminently holy pray little, and those who are eminently holy pray much.":Prayer,Holiness:false
JC Ryle:"Value all books in proportion as they are agreeable to Scripture. Those that are nearest to it are the best, and those that are farthest from it, and most contrary to it, the worst.":Scripture:false
JC Ryle:"We should no more tolerate false doctrine that we would tolerate sin.":Killing Sin,Keepin It Real:false
JC Ryle:"Backsliding, generally first begins with neglect of private prayer.":Prayer:false
JC Ryle:"I cannot see how any man deserves to be called "holy," who willfully allows himself in sins, and is not humbled and ashamed because of them.":Holiness:false
JC Ryle:"Inability to distinguish doctrine is spreading far and wide, and so long as the preacher is "clever" and "earnest," hundreds seem to think it must be all right, and call you dreadfully "narrow and uncharitable" if you hint that he is unsound!":Outcast,Keepin It Real:false
JC Ryle:"Our Lord has many weak children in his family, many dull pupils in his school, many raw soldiers in his army, many lame sheep in his flock. Yet he bears with them all, and casts none away. Happy is that Christian who has learned to do likewise with his brethren.":Unity:false
AW Tozer:"What comes into our minds when we think about God is the most important thing about us.":Thoughts,Self-Denial:false
AW Tozer:"It is doubtful whether God can bless a man greatly until He has hurt him deeply.":Affliction:false
AW Tozer:"You can see God from anywhere if your mind is set to love and obey Him.":Obedience,Holiness:false
AW Tozer:"The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.":DANG,Theology:false
AW Tozer:"Perhaps it takes a purer faith to praise God for unrealized blessings than for those we once enjoyed or those we enjoy now.":Faith,Affliction:false
AW Tozer:"The Bible is the inevitable outcome of God's continuous speech. It is the infallible declaration of His mind.":Scripture:false
AW Tozer:"We have learned to live with unholiness and have come to look upon it as the natural and expected thing.":Holiness,Morality:false
AW Tozer:"The Spirit-filled life is not a special, deluxe edition of Christianity. It is part and parcel of the total plan of God for His people.":Spirit-filled:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children.":Morality,Society:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.":Thought,Holiness:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Only he who believes is obedient and only he who is obedient believes.":Obedience:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"We must be ready to allow ourselves to be interrupted by God.":Keepin It Real,Patience,Obedience:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The Church is the Church only when it exists for others . . . not dominating, but helping and serving. It must tell men of every calling what it means to live for Christ, to exist for others.":The Church,Love:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Seek God, not happiness  - this is the fundamental rule of all meditation. If you seek God alone, you will gain happiness: that is its promise.":Joy:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The blessedness of waiting is lost on those who cannot wait, and the fulfillment of promise is never theirs. They want quick answers to the deepest questions of life and miss the value of those times of anxious waiting, seeking with patient uncertainties until the answers come. They lose the moment when the answers are revealed in dazzling clarity.":Perseverance,Anxiety:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"One act of obedience is worth a hundred sermons.":Obedience:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The community of the saints is not an 'ideal' community consisting of perfect and sinless men and women, where there is no need of further repentance. No, it is a community which proves that it is worthy of the gospel of forgiveness by constantly and sincerely proclaiming God's forgiveness. ":The Church:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Silence in the face of evil is itself evil- God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.":Evangelism,Persecution:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Judging others makes us blind, whereas love is illuminating. By judging others we blind ourselves to our own evil and to the grace which others are just as entitled to as we are.":Judging:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"In normal life we hardly realize how much more we receive than we give, and life cannot be rich without such gratitude. It is so easy to overestimate the importance of our own achievements compared with what we owe to the help of others.":Gratitude:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Do not try to make the Bible relevant. Its relevance is axiomatic. Do not defend God’s word, but testify to it. Trust to the Word. It is a ship loaded to the very limits of its capacity.":Scripture,Evangelism:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.":Killing Sin:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The first service that one owes to others in the fellowship consists of listening to them. Just as love of God begins with listening to his word, so the beginning of love for our brothers and sisters is learning to listen to them.":Fellowship:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"There is no way to peace along the way of safety. For peace must be dared, it is itself the great venture and can never be safe. Peace is the opposite of security. To demand guarantees is to want to protect oneself. Peace means giving oneself completely to God’s commandment, wanting no security, but in faith and obedience laying the destiny of the nations in the hand of Almighty God, not trying to direct it for selfish purposes. Battles are won, not with weapons, but with God. They are won when the way leads to the cross.":Worry,Anxiety,Affliction,Peace,Keepin It Real:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"The right way to pray is to stretch out our hands and ask of One who we know has the heart of a Father.":Prayer:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Cheap grace is the preaching of forgiveness without requiring repentance, baptism without church discipline, Communion without confession, absolution without personal confession. Cheap grace is grace without discipleship, grace without the cross, grace without Jesus Christ.":Grace,Discipleship,Confession:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"It matters little what form of prayer we adopt or how many words we use. What matters is the faith which lays hold on God, knowing that He knows our needs before we even ask Him. That is what gives Christian prayer its boundless confidence and its joyous certainty.":Prayer:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"Only he who believes is obedient and only he who is obedient believes.":Obedience:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"A Christian is someone who shares the sufferings of God in the world.":Suffering,The Church:false
Dietrich Bonhoeffer:"We have learned to live with unholiness and have come to look upon it as the natural and expected thing.":Holiness:false
AW Tozer:"Without doubt the mightiest thought the mind can entertain is the thought of God.":Thoughts:false
AW Tozer:"I'm not afraid of the devil. The devil can handle me - he's got judo I never heard of. But he can't handle the One to whom I'm joined; he can't handle the One to whom I'm united; he can't handle the One whose nature dwells in my nature.":Temptations:false
AW Tozer:"We're here to be worshippers first and workers only second. We take a convert and immediately make a worker out of him. God never meant it to be so. God meant that a convert should learn to be a worshiper, and after that he can learn to be a worker...The work done by a worshiper will have eternity in it.":Worship,Praise:false
AW Tozer:"A pharisee is hard on others and easy on himself, but a spiritual man is easy on others and hard on himself.":Holiness:false
AW Tozer:"If the Holy Spirit was withdrawn from the church today, 95 percent of what we do would go on and no one would know the difference. If the Holy Spirit had been withdrawn from the New Testament church, 95 percent of what they did would stop, and everybody would know the difference.":The Church,Spirit-Filled:false
AW Tozer:"I can safely say, on the authority of all that is revealed in the Word of God, that any man or woman on this earth who is bored and turned off by worship is not ready for heaven.":Praise,Worship:false
AW Tozer:"What then are we to do about our problems? We must learn to live with them until such time as God delivers us from them. We must pray for grace to endure them without murmuring. Problems patiently endured will work for our spiritual perfecting. They harm us only when we resist them or endure them unwillingly.":Patience,Prayer:false
AW Tozer:"The sovereign God wants to be loved for Himself and honored for Himself, but that is only part of what He wants. The other part is that He wants us to know that when we have Him we have everything - we have all the rest.":Focus,Peace:false
AW Tozer:"Christians don't tell lies they just go to church and sing them.":Keepin It Real,The Church:false
AW Tozer:"Salvation apart from obedience is unknown in the sacred Scriptures... Apart from obedience there can be no salvation, for salvation without obedience is a self-contradictory impossibility.":Obedience,Keepin It Real:false
AW Tozer:"You can see God from anywhere if your mind is set to love and obey Him.":Love,Focus:false
AW Tozer:"It is altogether doubtful whether any man can be saved who comes to Christ for His help with no intention to obey Him.":Obedience,Keepin It Real:false
AW Tozer:"We must face the fact that many today are notoriously careless in their living. This attitude finds its way into the church. We have liberty, we have money, we live in comparative luxury. As a result, discipline practically has disappeared. What would a violin solo sound like if the strings on the musician's instrument were all hanging loose, not stretched tight, not "disciplined"?:Liberty:false
AW Tozer:"If I see aright, the cross of popular evangelicalism is not the cross of the New Testament. It is, rather, a new bright ornament upon the bosom of a self-assured and carnal Christianity. The old cross slew men, the new cross entertains them. The old cross condemned; the new cross amuses. The old cross destroyed confidence in the flesh; the new cross encourages it.":Evangelism,Society:false
James White:"If My Salvation is based upon my cooperation and performance, I am doomed.":Depravity,Obedience:false
Voddie Baucham:"We can't continue to walk in disobedience and expect to run into blessings.":Obedience,Perseverance,Holiness:false
AW Pink:“No verse of Scripture yields its meaning to lazy people.”:Scripture,Temptation,Perseverance:false
AW Pink:“It is not the absence of sin but the grieving over it which distinguishes the child of God from empty professors.":Holiness,Depravity,Repentance:false
AW Pink:“Instead of a river, God often gives us a brook, which may be running today and dried up tomorrow. Why? To teach us not to rest in our blessings, but in the blesser Himself.":Attributes:false
AW Pink:“When we complain about the weather, we are, in reality, murmuring against God.”:Satisfaction,Sovereignty of God:false
AW Pink:“Afflictions are light when compared with what we really deserve. They are light when compared with the sufferings of the Lord Jesus. But perhaps their real lightness is best seen by comparing them with the weight of glory which is awaiting us.”:Affliction,Depravity,Wrath:false
AW Pink:“But why should we not place implicit confidence in God and rely upon His word of promise? Is anything too hard for the Lord? Has His word of promise ever failed? Then let us not entertain any unbelieving suspicions of His future care of us. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but not so His promises.”:Sovereignty of God:false
AW Pink:“When you observe that the fire in your room is getting dull, you do not always put on more coal, but simply stir with the poker; so God often uses the black poker of adversity in order that the flames of devotion may burn more brightly.”:Suffering:false
AW Pink:“Our Lord has many weak children in His family, many dull pupils in His school, many raw soldiers in His army, many lame sheep in His flock. Yet He bears with them all, and casts none away.”:Depravity,Love of God:false
AW Pink:“Those who speak of man's "free will," and insist upon his inherent power to either accept or reject the Saviour, do but voice their ignorance of the real condition of Adam's fallen children.”:Miscellaneous:false
John MacArthur:“Why is discipline important? Discipline teaches us to operate by principle rather than desire. Saying no to our impulses (even the ones that are not inherently sinful) puts us in control of our appetites rather than vice versa. It deposes our lust and permits truth, virtue, and integrity to rule our minds instead.”:Obedience,Killing Sin:false
John MacArthur:“You can’t confuse childlike faith with childish thinking.”:Faith:false
John MacArthur:“The true gospel is a call to self-denial. It is not a call to self-fulfillment.”:Self-Denial:false
John MacArthur:“We should not be entertained by the sins for which Christ died.”:Killing Sin:false
John MacArthur:“Prayer is not an attempt to get God to agree with you or provide for your selfish desires, but that it is both an affirmation of His sovereignty, righteousness, and majesty and an exercise to conform your desires and purposes to His will and Glory”:Prayer:false
John MacArthur:“If I’m not showing grace . . . have I forgotten the grace I’ve been shown?”:Loving People:false
John MacArthur:“Scripture does what psychoanalysis can't do-it pierces the heart, penetrates deep into the soul and judges the motives. To see yourself in the light of Scripture, is to see yourself as you really are.”:Scripture:false
John MacArthur:“People act what they truly believe.”:Obedience:false
John MacArthur:“Jesus Christ is not just 'my personal Savior'. He is Lord.”:Christ:false
John MacArthur:“The cross is proof of both the immense love of God and the profound wickedness of sin.”:Christ:false
John MacArthur:“It wasn't a potential atonement actuated by the sinner, it was an actual atonement initiated by the savior.”:Christ:false
John MacArthur:“When believers have a low view of God, everything focuses on meeting felt needs within the body of Christ. When the church adopts such a perspective, it often offers people nothing more than spiritual placebos. It centers on psychology, self-esteem, entertainment, and a myriad of other diversions to attempt to meet perceived and felt needs.”:Society:false
John MacArthur:“Christ's atonement fully satisfied the demands of God's righteousness, so forgiveness and mercy are guaranteed to those who receive Christ in humble, repentant faith.”:Repentance,Christ:false
John MacArthur:“Prayer is the spontaneous response of the believing heart to God. Those truly transformed by Jesus Christ find themselves lost in wonder and joy of communion with Him. Prayer is as natural for the Christian as breathing”:Prayer:false
John MacArthur:“The Lord accomplishes great things through weak people...What is required of His people is an obedient spirit, not a roster of tremendous gifts and abilities.”:Obedience:false
John MacArthur:“If I could simplify the Christian life to one thing, it would be obedience.”:Obedience:false
Voddie Baucham:"I choose to believe the Bible because it is a reliable collection of historical documents written down by eyewitnesses during the lifetime of other eyewitnesses. They reported supernatural events that took place in fulfillment of specific prophecies and claimed that their writing are divine rather than human in origin.":Scripture:false
Voddie Baucham:"Men what all the privileges of marriage without the responsibility.":Miscellaneous:false
Voddie Baucham:"Modern American dating is no more than glorified divorce practice. Young people are learning how to give themselves away in exclusive, romantic, highly committed (at times sexual) relationships, only to break up and do it all over again.":Dating:false
Voddie Baucham:"If a person doesn't love the church, they don't love Jesus.":Fellowship:false
John Piper:"God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him”:Satisfaction:false
John Piper:“One of the great uses of Twitter and Facebook will be to prove at the Last Day that prayerlessness was not from lack of time.”:Prayer:false
John Piper:“If you don't feel strong desires for the manifestation of the glory of God, it is not because you have drunk deeply and are satisfied. It is because you have nibbled so long at the table of the world. Your soul is stuffed with small things, and there is no room for the great.”:Satisfaction:false
John Piper:“If you live gladly to make others glad in God, your life will be hard, your risks will be high, and your joy will be full.”:Joy,Loving Others:false
John Piper:“Christ did not die to forgive sinners who go on treasuring anything above seeing and savoring God. And people who would be happy in heaven if Christ were not there, will not be there. The gospel is not a way to get people to heaven; it is a way to get people to God. It's a way of overcoming every obstacle to everlasting joy in God. If we don't want God above all things, we have not been converted by the gospel.”:Satisfaction:false
John Piper:“Grace is the pleasure of God to magnify the worth of God by giving sinners the right and power to delight in God without obscuring the glory of God.”:Grace:false
John Piper:“It is better to lose your life than to waste it.”:Self-Denial:false
John Piper:“Fight for us, O God, that we not drift numb and blind and foolish into vain and empty excitements. Life is too short, too precious, too painful to waste on worldly bubbles that burst. Heaven is too great, hell is too horrible, eternity is too long that we should putter around on the porch of eternity.”:Satisfaction:false
John Knox:"Prayer is an earnest and familiar talking with God.”:Prayer:false
John Knox:“To promote a woman to bear rule, superiority, dominion, or empire above any realm, nation, or city, is repugnant to nature; contumely to God, a thing most contrary to his revealed will and approved ordinance; and finally, it is the subversion of good order, of all equity and justice.”:Society:false
John Knox:“The testimony of scripture is so plain that to add anything were superfluous, were it not that the world is almost now come to that blindness, that whatsoever pleases not the princes and the multitude, the same is rejected as doctrine newly forged, and is condemned for heresy.”:Scripture:false
John Knox:"The Scriptures of God are my only foundation and substance in all matters of weight and importance.":Scripture:false
John Knox:"Prayer is an earnest and familiar talking with God, to whom we declare all our miseries, whose support and help we implore and desire in our adversities, and whom we laud and praise for our benefits received. So that prayer contains the exposition of our sorrows, the desire of God's defence, and the praising of His magnificent name, as the Psalms of David clearly do teach.":Prayer,Faith,Praise:false
John Knox:"Live in Christ, die in Christ, and the flesh need not fear death.":Self Denial:false
John Knox:"Let no day slip over without some comfort received from the mouth of God.":Scripture:false
John Knox:"I sought neither preeminence, glory, nor riches; my honor was that Jesus Christ should reign.":Glory of Christ:false
James White:“Church history has repeatedly and clearly proven one thing: Once the highest view of Scripture is abandoned by any theologian, group, denomination, or church, the downhill slide in both its theology and practice is inevitable.”:Focus:false
James White:“The idea that there is some kind of contradiction between the in-depth study of God’s Word, so as to know what God has revealed about himself, and a living, vital faith is inherently self-contradictory.”:Scripture:false
James White:“A person who wants to “know Jesus” must, due to the nature of God’s revelation, know Him as He is related to the Father and the Spirit. We must know, understand, and love the Trinity to be fully and completely Christian. This is why we say the Trinity is the greatest of God’s revealed truths.”:Trinity:false
James White:“The task is the same in every generation: If God's Word is to be heard, we who love it must stand in its defense.”:Speaking Up:false
James White:“If we take the beginning of John 1:1, the Word is already there. If we push it back further (if one can even do so!), say, a year, the Word is already there. A thousand years, the Word is there. A billion years, the Word is there.[3] What is John’s point? The Word is eternal. The Word has always existed. The Word is not a creation. The New English Bible puts it quite nicely: “When all things began, the Word already was.”:Eternality:false
James White:“There is no reason to learn divine truths if we do not apply them in our hearts and minds, live them out daily, and defend them in the public square when we are given the opportunity to glorify God in so doing.”:Speaking Up:false
James White:“True worship must worship God as He exists, not as we wish Him to be.”:God,Worship,Praise:false
James White:“Church history has repeatedly and clearly proven one thing: Once the highest view of Scripture is abandoned by any theologian, group, denomination, or church, the downhill slide in both its theology and practice is inevitable.”:Scripture,Society,Worship:false
James White:“A person who wants to “know Jesus” must, due to the nature of God’s revelation, know Him as He is related to the Father and the Spirit. We must know, understand, and love the Trinity to be fully and completely Christian. This is why we say the Trinity is the greatest of God’s revealed truths.”:Trinity:false
James White:“The guiding factor for the development of Christian doctrine is the Bible itself! The text of Scripture provides the grounds and, most important, the limits for this development over time. Rather than bringing in outside influences (such as tradition), we recognize that no one has ever plumbed the depths of God's revelation contained in Scripture; no one has ever come close to exhausting what is to be found in its pages. Therefore, real development of Christian doctrine is simply our ever-increasing understanding of the Word. It is a delving deeper and deeper into the truths of the Word.”:Scripture,Theology:false
James White:“The task is the same in every generation: If God's Word is to be heard, we who love it must stand in its defense.”:Standing Up,Scripture:false
James White:“There is no reason to learn divine truths if we do not apply them in our hearts and minds, live them out daily, and defend them in the public square when we are given the opportunity to glorify God in so doing.”:Theology:false
James White:“Do we love God—all of God, including the “tough” parts of His nature—or do we refuse to bow before those elements that cause us “problems”? If we love Him and worship Him as He deserves, we will not dare to “edit” Him to fit our desires. Instead, we will seek to worship Him in truth.”:Worship,Attributes:false
James White:“If one wishes to be eternally satiated, one meal is not enough. If we wish to feast on the bread of heaven, we must do so all our lives. We will never hunger or thirst if we are always coming and always believing in Christ.”:Holiness,Perseverance,Sanctification:false
James White:“Within the one Being that is God, there exists eternally three coequal and coeternal persons, namely, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.”:Trinity:false
Matt Chandler:“Love says: I’ve seen the ugly parts of you, and I’m staying.”:Love:false
Matt Chandler:“The marker of those who understand the gospel of Jesus Christ is that, when they stumble and fall, when they screw up, they run to God and not from him, because they clearly understand that their acceptance before God is not predicated upon their behavior but on the righteous life of Jesus Christ and his sacrificial death.”:Perseverance:false
Matt Chandler:“If you’re a church person and not a Jesus person, my heart hurts for you. It’s like being engaged and never getting married. It’s miserable.”:Fellowship:false
Matt Chandler:“God does not regret saving you. There is no sin which you commit which is beyond the cross of Christ.”:Sovereign:false
Matt Chandler:“More often than not, we want him to have fairy wings and spread fairy dust and shine like a precious little star, dispensing nothing but good times on everyone, like some kind of hybrid of Tinker Bell and Aladdin’s Genie. But the God of the Bible, this God of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, is a pillar of fire and a column of smoke.”:God,Attributes,Gospel:false
Matt Chandler:“People don’t like love, they like that flittery flirty feeling. They don’t love love - love is sacrificial, love is ferocious, it’s not emotive. Our culture doesn’t love love, it loves the idea of love. It wants the emotion without paying anything for it.”:Love,Relationships:false
Matt Chandler:“Your approval before God is woven into the life and sacrifice of Jesus Christ on the cross, not what other men and women think about you.”:Satisfaction:false
Matt Chandler:“As you consider selecting songs for your worship services, consider them in light of the truth of the gospel. Imagine the songs as teachers--because they are! If your people could understand your doctrine only through the music you sing, what would they know about God and His pursuit of us? If your people could understand your church's beliefs only through the music, what would they know?”:Praise,Worship:false
David Platt:“Radical obedience to Christ is not easy... It's not comfort, not health, not wealth, and not prosperity in this world. Radical obedience to Christ risks losing all these things. But in the end, such risk finds its reward in Christ. And he is more than enough for us.”:Obedience:false
David Platt:“We are settling for a Christianity that revolves around catering to ourselves when the central message of Christianity is actually about abandoning ourselves.”:Self Denial:false
David Platt:“The modern-day gospel says, 'God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life. Therefore, follow these steps, and you can be saved.' Meanwhile, the biblical gospel says, 'You are an enemy of God, dead in your sin, & in your present state of rebellion, you are not even able to see that you need life, much less to cause yourself to come to life. Therefore, you are radically dependent on God to do something in your life that you could never do.”:Gospel:false
David Platt:“But then I realize there is never going to be a day when I stand before God and He looks at me and says, 'I wish you would have kept more for yourself.' I'm confident that God will take care of me.”:Self Denial:false
RC Sproul:“If God is the Creator of the entire universe, then it must follow that He is the Lord of the whole universe. No part of the world is outside of His lordship. That means that no part of my life must be outside of His lordship.”:Sovereignty:false
RC Sproul:“Here, then, is the real problem of our negligence. We fail in our duty to study God's Word not so much because it is difficult to understand, not so much because it is dull and boring, but because it is work. Our problem is not a lack of intelligence or a lack of passion. Our problem is that we are lazy.”:Scripture:false
RC Sproul:"Nothing could be more irrational than the idea that something comes from nothing.”:Creation:false
RC Sproul:“I think the greatest weakness in the church today is that almost no one believes that God invests His power in the Bible. Everyone is looking for power in a program, in a methodology, in a technique, in anything and everything but that in which God has placed it—His Word. He alone has the power to change lives for eternity, and that power is focused on the Scriptures.”:Scriptures:false
RC Sproul:“As the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom, so the denial of God is the height of foolishness.”:Fear,Thoughts:false
RC Sproul:“Sin is cosmic treason. Sin is treason against a perfectly pure Sovereign. It is an act of supreme ingratitude toward the One to whom we owe everything, to the One who has given us life itself. Have you ever considered the deeper implications of the slightest sin, of the most minute peccadillo? What are we saying to our Creator when we disobey Him at the slightest point? We are saying no to the righteousness of God. We are saying, “God, Your law is not good. My judgement is better than Yours. Your authority does not apply to me. I am above and beyond Your jurisdiction. I have the right to do what I want to do, not what You command me to do.”:Depravity:false
RC Sproul:“God’s grace is not infinite. God is infinite, and God is gracious. We experience the grace of an infinite God, but grace is not infinite. God sets limits to His patience and forbearance. He warns us over and over again that someday the ax will fall and His judgment will be poured out.”:Grace:false
RC Sproul:“Prayer does change things, all kinds of things. But the most important thing it changes is us. As we engage in this communion with God more deeply and come to know the One with whom we are speaking more intimately, that growing knowledge of God reveals to us all the more brilliantly who we are and our need to change in conformity to Him. Prayer changes us profoundly.”:Prayer:false
RC Sproul:“Men are never duly touched and impressed with a conviction of their insignificance, until they have contrasted themselves with the majesty of God.”:Depravity:false
RC Sproul:"It is one thing to fall victim to the flood or to fall prey to cancer; it is another thing to fall into the hands of the living God.":Wrath:false
John MacArthur:"Ultimately every individual will give God glory, willingly or unwillingly, in life or death.":Praise, DANG:false
Charles Spurgeon:"Nothing puts life into men like a dying Savior.":Sufficiency of Christ,Gospel:false
JC Ryle:"Better to confess Christ a thousand times now and be despised by men, than be disowned by Christ before God on the Day of Judgement.":Speaking Up,Perseverance:false
Voddie Baucham:"What's not loving is to look someone in the eye when God says they are in jeopardy of an eternity in hell and merely wink and nod at their sin becaise your're afraid of being called names.":Standing Up:false
John MacArthur:"We did nothing to earn our adoption into God's family, and we can do nothing to lose it either.":Sovereignty:false
Charles Spurgeon:"In him you have redemption. Out of him you are in bondage.":Sufficiency of Christ:false
John Piper:"If you alter or obscure the biblical potrait of God in order to attract converts, you don't get converts to God, you get converts to an illusion. This is not evangelism, but deception.":Evangelism:false
Martin Luther:"The righteousness by which a person in justified is not his own but that of another, Christ.":Sufficiency of Christ:false
RC Sproul:"There is not one piece of cosmic dust that is outside the scope of God's Sovereign Providence.":Sovereignty:false
