Charles Spurgeon:"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness."
Saint Augustine:"Patience is the companion of wisdom."
John Owen:"Do you mortify; do you make it your daily work; be always at it whilst you live; cease not a day from this work; be killing sin or it will be killing you."
Saint Augustine:"You have made us for yourself, O Lord, and our hearts are restless until they rest in you."
Saint Augustine:"Punishment is justice for the unjust."
Saint Augustine:"Unless you believe, you will not understand."
Saint Augustine:"Patience is the companion of wisdom."
Saint Augustine:"Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe."
Saint Augustine:"What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like."
John Owen:“Do you mortify; do you make it your daily work; be always at it whilst you live; cease not a day from this work; be killing sin or it will be killing you.”
John Owen:“Set faith at work on Christ for the killing of thy sin. His blood is the great sovereign remedy for sin-sick souls. Live in this, and thou wilt die a conqueror; yea, thou wilt, through the good providence of God, live to see thy lust dead at thy feet.”
John Owen:“There is no way of deliverance from the state and condition of being in the flesh, but by the Spirit of Christ.”
John Owen:“Let not that man think he makes any progress in holiness who walks not over the bellies of his lusts.”
Charles Spurgeon:"By perseverance the snail reached the ark."
Charles Spurgeon:"Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength."
Charles Spurgeon:"The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction."
Charles Spurgeon:"The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation."
